PROJECT_1:EDA  This project is base on multiples data files that will allow me to analyze customer behavior using transactional data from the given data file. The dataset contains information about customer orders,
products name,customer ID,product ID,the hour of purchasing by tne customer and the frequency of orders, etc..
The goal of this project is to clean, transform, and analyze the transactional data to gain some insights into the customer purchasing trend and offer if possible some recommendations
The data processing will be conducted using Python with libraries such as Pandas and Matplotlib for visualization.

Findings: As a reminder the primary goal of this project was to clean the data and used some filter to gain insight on the customer behavoir that could be used for possible improvement.
Data cleaning was performed to handle missing values,normalization of certain columns headers and merging multiple datasets to create a unified view of the data.Plot was generated to facilitate a visaul understanding resulting from the filtering.
Multiple findings was observed please do refer to cells above each plot or histogram for all the details
This project have help me improve my understanding of data cleaning and filtering


PRJECT_2:SDA  This project originate from a telecom operator company. For budget reallocation the company want me to do some hypothesis testing on the sample data provide before making the decision.
After loading the require library and the data, I will proceed with some data preparation by performing any possible correction, checking for possible duplicate in the data and a fix will follow
One course of action also will be to perform some filtering or aggregate data point per user and do some necessary calculation and produce some visualization of the data
The final action will be to perform hypotheses testing as requested by the telecom company.

Findings: Null Hypothesis(H0) :
The average revenue from users of the Ultimate and Surf calling plans is equal.
** Building on the above conclusion given after the Null Hypothesis test we can also indicate that this significant difference could imply that one revenue model (ultimate vs. surf) is more effective than the other. It might prompt we to explore the reasons for this difference, assess the impact on business strategies, or guide future decision-making.** ** As for business implication we could suggest that this analysis indicates a very strong evidence of a difference in average revenue between the two groups, suggesting that further exploration of these differences could be beneficial for understanding their underlying causes and implications.**

Alternative Hypothesis:
The average revenue from users of the Ultimate and Surf calling plans is different
** Adding to the conclusion that was provide after the test we can also stipulate about some pratical inplication of this result by stating that the significant difference in average revenues could inform business strategies. For instance, if the surf plan generates higher revenue, marketing efforts might be adjusted to promote this plan more heavily and conversely, if the ultimate plan is yielding lower revenues, there may be an opportunity to improve the offering or consider adjustments in pricing or features to enhance its attractiveness.**

Null Hypothesis (H0):
The average revenue from users in the NY-NJ area is equal to the average revenue from users in other regions.
By contrasting the null and alternative hypotheses helps clarify the objective of the statistical test. In this case, we fail reject the null hypothesis. This means that, based on the data, we do not have enough evidence to assert that the average revenue from the New York/New Jersey region differs significantly from that of the other regions. which has practical implications for business strategies and revenue management.

Alternative Hypothesis:
The average revenue from users in the NY-NJ area is different from the average revenue from users in other regions.
Folowing our initial summary just below the test above we can also conclude that this result indicates no strong statistical evidence to suggest that the average revenue generated by users in the NY-NJ area do differs from that generated by users in other regions. This strong evidence is reflected in the higher p-value.

As a practical implication the significant difference in average revenue could have important implications for business strategy. For example, if the NY-NJ area generates higher revenue, this might justify increased marketing efforts or tailored services for that region and conversely, if the NY-NJ area shows lower revenue, it may signal the need for intervention to boost performance or better understand the market dynamics in that region.

While the statistical analysis suggests no significant difference, it's important to interpret these findings within the broader context of the research question or business objectives. For instance, even if the revenues are not statistically different, the magnitude and implications of the revenues in practical terms could still be significant.

Project_5 : Intro to Machine Learning  Mobile carrier Megaline want to develop a model that would analyze subscribers' behavior and recommend one of Megaline's newer plans: Smart or Ultra. During the course of this project we will trained some models and evaluate the quality of those models by accessing the accuracy thru some evaluation metric.Some models improvenment will be perform by looking at the validation set and hyperparameter. A regression method will be perform on models follow by a calculation of the MSE and the selection of the best model will conclude our analysis.

Findings : The RMSE values for both the training and test sets are reasonably close, indicating the model generalizes well and is not overfitting or underfitting.This model can be confidently used to recommend plans (Smart or Ultra) for unseen subscribers, as it maintains consistent predictive accuracy across datasets. The features effectively capture subscriber behavior, allowing the model to distinguish between users who prefer the Ultra and Smart plans.With this information megaline can use this model to identify and segment users based on their communication and internet usage patterns.For example High call duration or frequent internet users: Likely to prefer the Ultra plan. Low usage across metrics: More inclined to stick with the Smart plan. An RMSE of 0.39 on the test set suggests room for improvement in predictive accuracy.The model could be refined by incorporating additional features.

Project_7:BEST OIL WELL PREDICTION ; During the course of this project, with data on oil well in some selected regions,we will assert location for future oil well. We will also build model for predicting volume of reserve in wells, assessing the profitability and the risk factor for existing and potential new oil well project.

Findings: The linear regression model average predicted volume and actual volume of reserve output indicate that all the regions reserve was above the the break even reserve needed to develop a new well even though the profit in each regions was elevated. However after performing boostrappings on the top perfoming wells with a sets number of sample we notice the following:

For region_0 the average profit with or without boostrapping did change much and the 95% confidence interval shows that, based on the bootstrapping results, we can be 95% confident that the true profit from these 200 wells will fall between 20 and 32 million and the range indicates that profits in region_0 can vary substantial.Finally the model indicates that there is a 0% chance of incurring a loss in region_0 which is a strong positive indicator for this region..

For region_1 boostrapping did change the average profit much and is much lower than region_0, at about 6.6m indicating that this region, on average, might offer a smaller return.The confidence interval here indicate that range of possible profits is wider here, from about 1.6 to over 12 million.The risk of loss for Region_1 is .2%, which indicates a small but non-zero chance that the investment could lead to a loss. While the expected return is still positive, there’s a slight chance the actual outcome could fall below the break-even point.

For region_2 average profit for the top 200 wells is greater than in Regions_1 but a bit greater than region_0.The confidence interval for Region_2 is also fairly tight, indicating that there is less uncertainty around the potential profit compared to Region_1. The true profit will likely fall between about 23 million and 34 million with 95% confidence.The risk of loss in Region_2 is zero, meaning the investment in this region is expected to always result in a positive return (based on the prediction).

Region_2 outperforming the others regions.

Region_1 shows the less predictable profit range.

Region_2 and region_0 are the safest, with no risk of loss, making it an attractive choice for risk-averse decision-makers.

As a practical decision making i will advise the company to prioritize Region_0 or Region_2 over Region_1 due to their higher average profits and no risk of loss. However, Region_1 could still be considered if the oil company willing to accept a higher level of uncertainty for a smaller expected profit.
